content/about.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: Über mich
hideMeta: true
ShowShareButtons: false
disableShare: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
---

Hi! Ich bin Christian,
Lead Software Engineer im Raum Stuttgart, spezialisiert auf Firmware-Entwicklung und Software-Architektur für Embedded Systems.

Ich bin ein echter Tüftler – ich liebe es, Technologie zu analysieren, zu verstehen und wieder zusammenzusetzen. Besonders faszinieren mich kleine Projekte wie diese Website, in die ich viel Herzblut stecke.

Seit vielen Jahren arbeite ich in der Embedded-Software-Entwicklung und habe umfassende Erfahrung in Firmware-Design, Software-Architekturen und Build-Systemen gesammelt. Mein Fokus liegt nicht nur auf effizientem Code, sondern auch auf sauberen, gut strukturierten Lösungen, die langfristig wartbar und skalierbar sind.

Auf dieser Seite teile ich meine Gedanken und Erfahrungen – von Technik und Software-Design bis hin zu Leadership und persönlicher Weiterentwicklung.

Falls du mehr über mich erfahren möchtest, schau gerne auf meiner [LinkedIn-Seite](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-ing-christian-gr%C3%B6ling-48b9691a4/) vorbei. Wenn du Fragen hast oder dich austauschen möchtest, schreib mir einfach..

Commit message:

feature: Add project list. Rewrite to english

content/about.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: About
hideMeta: true
ShowShareButtons: false
disableShare: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
---

**Hi! I'm Christian 👋,**  

Lead Software Engineer in the Stuttgart area, specializing in firmware development and software architecture for embedded systems.  

I'm a true tinkerer – I love taking technology apart, understanding how it works, and putting it back together. I'm particularly fascinated by small projects like this website, into which I pour a lot of passion.  

For many years, I've been working in embedded software development, gaining extensive experience in firmware design, software architectures, and build systems. My focus is not just on writing efficient code but also on creating clean, well-structured solutions that remain maintainable and scalable in the long run.  

On this page, I share my thoughts and experiences – from technology and software design to leadership and personal development.  

If you’d like to learn more about me, feel free to check out my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-ing-christian-gr%C3%B6ling-48b9691a4/) or visit my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/chgroeling). If you have any questions or just want to connect, don’t hesitate to reach out! If you have any questions or just want to connect, don’t hesitate to reach out!

### **Languages**  
I speak German (native) and English (C2 level). While most of my content is in English, some articles on this site are written in German.
